Documentation update (#167)
graphile/graphile.github.io: src/pages/graphile-build/plugin-options.md

## Plugin Options

> The second argument to the [`graphile-build` functions](http://localhost:8000/graphile-build/graphile-build/#the-graphile-build-module)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second argument to [`buildSchema` and `getBuilder`](http://localhost:8000/graphile-build/graphile-build/#the-graphile-build-module)
```

> is an **`options`** object with arbitrary propreties which is made available to every plugin as its second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is an **`options`** object with arbitrary properties which is made available to every plugin as its second argument.
```

I think it's also included on the `build` object now? I have a feeling that this turned out to be a better approach, but I don't remember the details off-hand.
